# Changelog

## 1.5.0 - 2021/06/11

TAdded a cookiecutter template to Chewie-NS.

[cookiecutter](https://github.com/cookiecutter/cookiecutter) is a command-line utility that creates projects from **cookiecutters** (project templates).
This project template will facilitate the creation of a local instance of Chewie-NS by allowing users to provide the necessary information to the project template's variables.

## 1.4.0 - 2021/06/07

Added a _Forget your password_ page to allow users to recover their passwords.

## 1.3.0 - 2021/05/21

Cleaned the majority of the frontend code to be more readable and added more comments.

Added a new page, Profile, that allows users to change their personal information, after
registration.

Endpoints related to the Profile page were also added to the API.

## 1.2.4 - 2021/04/07

Added a new column, "Locus Original Name", to the Locus Information table of the Schema Evalaution and Annotation
page, displaying the original gene names of the schema.

Updates to the installation instructions.

## 1.2.3 - 2021/03/26

Fixed a bug in the Markdown component that forced links to open in the same tab instead of a new tab.

Added a new chart, Allele Timeline, to the Schema Evaluation and Annotation page that keeps track of the
the number alleles added to the schema through the SyncSchema module of chewBBACA.

## 1.2.2 - 2020/11/28

Changed the landing and About page text. The "Available Schemas" button has been replaced by a link in Markdown.

## 1.2.1 - 2020/11/20

The information displayed in the Landing and About pages are now being rendered in Markdown. Added the paper citation to these pages.
Changed the title of the "Annotations" table in the Schema Evaluation and Annotation to "Locus information".
Removed unused frontend components.

## 1.2.0 - 2020/10/09

Dashboards for user and queue management are now available through the addition of the pgadmin4 and Flower images, respectively.

## 1.1.0 - 2020/10/02

The Search page now accepts sequence hashes (generated by Chewie-NS) as input.

## 1.0.2 - 2020/09/16

Changed the 'chewBBACA version' header to 'Software' on the tables for the Schemas Overview and Schema evaluation and Anntotation pages.

## 1.0.1 - 2020/09/14

Added labels to the boxplot on the Schema Evaluation and Annotation page.

Removed and refactored code.

## 1.0.0 - 2020/08/08

Launched Chewie-NS.
